Crypto talk and blockchain walk. Quite
possibly even the last one of Denver.
Eat Denver.
>> Oh, nice.
>> And we have none other than Ken.
>> That's me.
>> What have you been up to, man? Why is
your voice dead?
>> Uh, I've been chilling and chilling for
the past week here at ETH Denver. Uh,
non-stop conversations. You know, I know
I love the sentiment online where
Ethmber is dead.
>> Who's saying that?
>> People that didn't make it here. And
then the people that did make it here
that are talking [__] on it really. I
mean, if you can't get an ROI out of a
free event, that's on you. It's sort of
like self-docing your own failures and
blaming others. But, uh, yeah, my
calendar is booked till April. I I have
every single day of my life is now busy
till April 1st because of this event.
I've met about 300 people in person
shaking hands. I got about 250 cell
phone numbers for SMS contacts. No
Telegram, no WhatsApp, no DMs on X.
Like, I'm meeting people that I'm making
relationships with. They're in my phone
and I feel like we've lost that along
the way. So, I'm making friends, making
family, meeting people I can work with.
I got so many opportunities just from
being here for 3 days. Sponsorship
opportunities, bit refills, hiring, got
the job. Like, I love East Denver and
it's just it's changed my life every
time I come here. I brought one of my
friends here. It's his first conference
ever and it just like I can see the
neural pathways being created. He's not
able to go back to thinking the way he
used to.
>> Is this This isn't your first Eve
Denver.
>> No, this is my seventh. I think there's
been nine and I missed two of them. I
went into a hiatus.
>> Yeah. Well, what did you think about
overall this event? This is our third
venue. Everybody who went to the early
ones was talking about how the sport
castle was this like goated thing.
>> It was an aquarium of rich people, that
was me. I was at the glass tapping it
and like look there's a little
billionaire girl. Do a backflip. Do a
backflip. There's like animal abuse.
Some of it's I mean it's I could talk
[__] as much as I could praise it. You
know, you have to be unbiased.
>> Totally.
>> Uh don't like the new venue. I miss the
Rainbow Road. I miss all the degeneracy
and the colors and all that, but I mean
the maturity is expected.
>> Totally.
>> I think it's reflected in the side
events. the degeneracy leaked out, you
know, and we have to make room for the
shoes to feel comfortable coming to our
basement parties.
>> Dude, so what I like about you is like
take a look at Ken. Like this is what
the embodiment of the spirit of crypto
was, the wildness. Come authentically as
you are, be who you are, and change
nothing. You said that you got hundreds
of phone numbers. You're getting um your
calendar booked up to May. Oh, April.
>> Sorry, April.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> And and really like I guess the the way
I want to phrase this question is is
like are people who are the suits
seeking to work with you because you are
the lifeline of what crypto was?
>> Yeah. I mean, they've learned that these
Clubhouse graduates and X spaces
diplomas don't matter. They've wasted
four years on these high school dropout,
you know, uh Twitter and Clubhouse
people. Like, they know that they need
to go to the OGs. And I think this is
the the sign, you know, a lot of these
projects are hiring and there the the
accolades are I've been to every Eat
Denver since day one.
>> That's basically saying I'm a Harvard
Yale graduate. You know, I've been to
Stanford. I've been to Ethan since day
one. Every of the every sport I left
with is a diploma I can put on my wall
that all these companies see value in.
And it's being expressed right now.
They're they're coming to me in my
pajamas, asking me when they can have a
meeting with me. So, I mean, I can see
that they see the light, you know, they
can't conform us to them. They kind of
are learning. They miss conform to us.
>> But that's why I say I do I love the new
venue. Doesn't smell like animal [__]
That's a great plus.
>> I kind of miss that.
>> It's a nostalgic scent. But, um, it's a
bigger venue. You know, they have a lot
more room. I think the sponsors [__]
them. A lot of the old sponsors decided
not to give the event any money but
decided to invest in side events as a
parasitic leech which kind of drained
the experience under the hood of the
event
>> 100%.
>> But overall it became like a south by
southwest kind of thing you know it was
everywhere. The whole city was taken
over by ETH Denver but they if they
would have worked together it would have
been an official south by Southwest kind
of energy.
>> Do you think we still had that this
year? Because last year or two years ago
there were 600 side events. This year
there were a little bit more than 200.
>> It's the money that we're in a dip. I
mean, money's tight for everybody. And
that's I think what we've learned is
wasting money in bare markets is why
projects don't survive for the next bull
run. And I've seen them come and go.
They make it to the conferences, but it
costs them everything.
>> Yeah.
>> And I think a lot of projects have
matured again and learned from their
mistakes. Not spending money on
conferences this year. You know, they
got a penny pinch. They got to cash out.
you know that it hurts if you just
diamond hands your own project's uh
liquidity. Totally.
>> So seeing that and again it's a it's all
positive to me. Again I can complain as
much as I can praise like this has been
one of the best events I've ever been to
but I can compare it you know to other
things in comparison is the death of
joy. Totally.
>> I'd rather just enjoy what this is and
make the most of it. And I appreciate
them putting this together considering
all the old sponsors decided not to
responsor and be parasites, do side
events.
>> Yeah. So, when people like go to your
Twitter page, they see you as I don't
know, maybe like a a media personality,
what does partnerships with Ken look
like moving forward? When your
calendar's full, what do people want to
work with you on and collaborate with
you on?
>> Uh, right now here it's a lot of
consulting. uh just running into people
just talking about their project and oh
why don't you do this or what about
working with them or how about this and
that and they're like I never thought of
that and I get a lot of that obviously
that's why I'm booked up. So uh the
consulting side of it I think
>> the being in a space so long I know the
limits of the imagination of what is and
isn't possible in the space
>> and that realistic conversation of like
we're not you know we're not talking
about going to the moon but like you
could literally use this technology as a
point of sales blah blah blah and it's
working now like like oh they're doing
that now like yeah they're over here at
this booth you should work with them and
helping projects that are literally two
booths away from each other realize that
they're selling a service that They both
need a use for it.
>> Dude, I love it. Um, so I I personally
have been having conversations with
folks on these crypto talks and
blockchain walks about how we're
probably obviously in a bare market.
What's your suggestion for somebody A
who's a first-time token holder and is
going through this and B somebody who
wants to come and work in this space?
>> Everybody's hiring. We'll start with B.
We're walking by the Bit Refill team
right now and their whole crux is
they're hiring and a lot of projects
are. So, we just go to these companies
that you're a fan of or if you use the
product already, look at their hiring
tab and see what you could do. Maybe you
could help moderate a chat. Maybe
they're looking for somebody to make
audio for their website or wallet sound
effects. Maybe they're looking for
somebody to make content or host spaces.
Like, there's so many opportunities to
do a job that there is no resume to
build for. Like, you just have to do it.
You know, it's not something that has
been done. there's no degree or diploma
or license to be a moderator in Discord.
You just do it. So, a lot of these
projects have the opportunities. You can
earn crypto. Uh but if you're in the
space now in the bare market and you're
trying to diamond handhand some things,
I would say figure out ways to leverage
it. Um you don't have to always spend it
when you want to use it. So, you figure
out ways that you can just use your
Bitcoin to be your own bank. Like we've
always been saying, when you give a bank
money, it takes your money to make money
and it lives off that. Be the bank, your
your own bank. Take your money, make
that money make money, and use the money
your money made to live off of.
>> So, if anybody's watching this right
now, you're going to see Ken at another
conference, and you're going to want to
talk to him because he's the connector's
connector. So,
>> I'm your favorite Kos influencer.
>> What's the next place where somebody who
watches can run into you? What's the
next conference? Oh, I'll be at all of
them, honestly. Uh, the Bitcoin
conference, Consensus, my favorite is uh
um Untraceables uh futurist event in
Toronto.
>> I'll be there for sure. Mining disrupt,
>> if you're really into crypto, besides
let's make money and uh want to see how
like things are being done under the
hood, you got to go to Mining Disrupt.
That's where all the miners from 2009
2010 are. You know, the people that were
like talking to Satoshi before he went
AFK, they're at Mining Disrupt. Dude, I
love how you're at all these like OG
Bitcoin events, but also everything else
under the sun.
>> Yeah, I try. I mean, I'm a roadie for
this stuff. Like, ever since I got into
Bitcoin, I quit my job. Uh, 2016, I got
in. 2017 I quit. 2018 I'm a roadie. I
literally was like a grateful dead
roadie of crypto. Uh, at one point it
was cool to have Adam Beck as a follower
and now I'm kind of happy he unfollowed
me.
>> But like I've had the privilege, yeah,
of meeting like so many people in this
space. Uh, and on a genuine level, it
was before they were anybody, before
Bitcoin was anything, you know, it was
just we were all just, you know,
basement deens just like broing down on
something we cared about. And through
those conversations, I've built
relationships with people that are
untouchable now.
>> Awesome. Well, we're going to link you
uh your Twitter handle in this
interview. What do you want to say to
the fine denisins of crypto Twitter as
we wrap up ETH Denver 2026?
>> There's money on the table. Put your
hand out. get it put in your hand. Uh if
uh you're not doing anything, there's so
much that you could do in this space
that would provide, you know, value to
it and you'd be rewarded for it. There's
also Dows that have proposals. You could
submit a proposal saying that you'll
wrap your car in, say, Bitcoin Cash
logos because your transmission blew and
you need your car to get your kids to
school and go to work. Bitcoin Cash Dow
could through the proposal pay for your
car to get fixed just because you're
willing to wrap it in Bitcoin Cash
logos. That's how this community in this
space works. So, just realize we're all
here to help you. Just let us know how
and what you're willing to do for the
help because we help those who help
themselves as well as others.
>> Love it. And if you see Ken at any event
ever in the future, say hi to him. He's
a homie.
>> Love you, bro. Bro, appreciate you.
>> Love you, man. Thank you.